Add `var.create_costoptimizationhub_enrollment_status` (#11)
co-cddo/terraform-aws-focus: README.md

| <a name="input_bucket_name"></a> [bucket\_name](#input\_bucket\_name) | The name of the S3 bucket to be created to store reports before replication. If omitted it will create one for you. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_bucket_tags"></a> [bucket\_tags](#input\_bucket\_tags) | Map of tags to be associated with the reporting bucket | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_create_cost_recommendations_service_linked_role"></a> [create\_cost\_recommendations\_service\_linked\_role](#input\_create\_cost\_recommendations\_service\_linked\_role) | Enables the creation of the required service-linked role for data exports to access cost optimisation hub | `bool` | `false` | no |

> | <a name="input_create_costoptimizationhub_enrollment_status"></a> [create\_costoptimizationhub\_enrollment\_status](#input\_create\_costoptimizationhub\_enrollment\_status) | Enables member account enrollment into AWS Cost Optimization Hub. Set to false if this is already managed elsewhere. | `bool` | `true` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="input_enable_cost_optimization_hub_enrollment"></a> [enable\_cost\_optimization\_hub\_enrollment](#input\_enable\_cost\_optimization\_hub\_enrollment) | Enables member account enrollment into AWS Cost Optimization Hub. Set to false if this is already managed elsewhere. | `bool` | `true` | no |
```
